A distress signal has been detected somewhere in this quadrant. I have been tasked with finding any survivors. Easier said than done. First thing's first - figuring out just what star system that signal fizzled out in. NEWLINE NEWLINE I've only got a handful of trips I can make. Here's hoping. NEWLINE NEWLINE NEWLINE (Use the arrow keys to  plan your route, and space to choose your destination.)

------

No life in this system. It's a dead end. NEWLINE NEWLINE No sign of debris either.

0
No signs of the distress signal here. However, there is a very nice tropical beach planet. NEWLINE NEWLINE I'll have to keep that in mind for when I next get a vacation. NEWLINE NEWLINE There's always more work to be done. But delta-five-five-three is a close enough location to acquire a temporary clearance for a visitor permit, surely. 

1
The ship here is not the one we were looking for. Instead, I seem to have come across a luxury yacht starline cruiser. NEWLINE NEWLINE Very large. Very sturdy. Not as nimble as mine though. I'll stick with what I've got. NEWLINEW NEWLINE With that said, they did permit me to dock for suplies. For a fee, of course. But they had these tiny chocolates from gamma-epsilon-six. Can't get them anywhere else usually, and they're absolutely worth it. 

2
Had a malfunction while near the outer moon. Seems this system has peculiar magnetic fluctuations. I've wasted a day and a half on repairs before the sub-light engine was working again. NEWLINE NEWLINE Doing one loop around the system for good measure, there is nothing of note. There's a small mining colony on one of the inner moons, around planet V-V-Four, but they report that no-one has passed through since last month's shift rotation. NEWLINE NEWLINE It's going to take longer than a month for me to get all the dust out of the vents.

3
The coordinates for this star system seem to have been in error. There's nothing here. NEWLINE NEWLINE Perhaps it's from an old starmap, and the coordinates were never migrated if it was pulled out of place. Or perhaps it just no longer exists. 

4
This system is out of our jurisdiction. I have been denied entry to check for the call. If our folks are there, we won't find them. 

5
I took a pitstop to refuel here on planet T-12-L and do maintenance. The port here seems to be known for its handicrafts using a rare lavender mineral that is found on this planet. NEWLINE NEWLINE It does not help my search, but I now have a set of matching earrings made from the metal. 

6
This is the first place I can get a signal to home from. It would make sense we could have seen a distress signal from here, but no luck. NEWLINE NEWLINE I had good enough reception to call my parents from here though. They're both well, and I let them know that I will be bringing them back a little surprise. What they don't know is that it's a vintage of belladona lace wine - the same vintage and kind as the one they had at their wedding. I may not be back until after their solarversus day, but I hope they like it anyways. 

7
Had a run-in with pirates. They seemed to be under the impression I was carrying something valuable aboard. But this ship would still be worth a considerable amount as scrap, so I'm not inclined to stick around. 

8
This system's at too high a temperature to safely explore. The blue dwarf star at it's center is at the end of it's life, and is searingly hot. Even at the edge of the system, the thermal controls for the ship are having difficulties regulating the temperature. 

9
I've made a temporary detour in Beta-Five-Five. The hypergiant star in this system is extremely bright, but on planet Z-X-7, they will be experiencing the first lunar eclipse in two centuries, and it's reported to be a must-see sight. 

10
This system is part of the banking sector. Very busy ports, and exceptionally difficult to gain clearance for, even with a search missions such as this one. Last solar cycle, they apparently had a breach, and are not looking for a repeat of that incident. 

11
I was instructed to make a detour to this system by my employer, despite the priority rescue. There's been record mudslides during the raining season this year in the farming colony present. Relocation was necessary, and I was responsible for ensuring they got to higher ground. A proper transport with supplies will be by next week. 

12
I am regretting my choice of entertainment for this voyage. There is only so many times I can listen to the same song on one trip. For later reference, said song is 'Starlight Aurora' by Galactic Treble. NEWLINE NEWLINE It's a very good song, but I will need a couple months before I can listen to this again. For now, I will resort to radio frequencies at various outposts. It is a hit or miss experience. Right now, the outpost is playing what can only be described as a crunkcore with antique stylophones. Someone must enjoy this music, but it isn't for me. I'll stick to 'Starlight Aurora'. 

13
Still no sign of the missing ship or its crew. There is a much older wreck in this system, overrun by what have been affectionately dubbed metal-mites. Less affectionately is recognizing the damage they do. They'll chew holes in a hull in a manner of days, and I have no intention of becoming the next victim of this infestation. 

14
I have a new mouth to feed now. Having stopped on Z-6 in the Zeta-Gamma-Five system, I have come across a stray zirician house-cat. Unlike the wild counterparts, this tiny furball was very, very friendly, and stranded in the middle of the docks. Obviously she is coming with me, and I have decided to name her Lieutenant Fuzzypaws. She will make an excellent companion on my flights, and an excellent second in command aboard my ship. 

15 
I needed some extra help upon reaching Sigma-Six. It's meteor season here, and my hull was clipped by one that I misjudged the trajectory of. It seems I have acquired a bot because of it. Initially I intended only to hire the bot to perform the necessary duties, but they've proven very useful, technically skilled, and are sufficiently witty. I can't say I mind the sass, so they are now a permanent memeber of my ship crew. 

16
This week it was necessary to restock my rations. They aren't made the same everywhere in this quadrant, and the batch I picked up is particularly bad, unfortunately. Even rehydrated, these rations have the texture of soggy styrofoam mixed with zillian bean pudding, but with no taste whatsoever except the liquid they've been rehydrated in. An adequate source of nurtients and nourishment, but my tongue has never been more unhappy. 

17
How many stars exist in the universe? Perhaps we'll never know. NEWLINE NEWLINE I think I am having an existential crisis today. Long jaunts into space, being in the void of darkness for so long, it never fails to make one feel small. No matter how many stops you make along the way. 

18
This trip has been an excellent time to brush up on my vinikos strategies. It is not quite the same playing against the ship as it is a true player, but it provides practice, and I can test out new strategies. Perhaps one of these solar cycles I'll enter a local tournament. For now, the time spent during planetary jumps can include some downtime for vinikos. 

19
For a few days, I have been out of action and confined to bed until now. It seems I have come down with my first case of space-sickness in the past five years. The toll travel takes on one's body is undeniable. I will spare the unsavoury details, but adjusting the pressure and grav simulations seemed to have temporarily aleviated the symptoms, enough for me to be able to land and wait it out. I set out again today to continue my search. 

20
In my flythrough of zeta-rho-seven, I have submitted an adjustment report to S.O.L.A.S. - the Solar Observations Log And Survey division. One of the moons in this system has drifted away from it's twin, and away from the planet it had previously orbitted. The trajectory could become problematic for civilian shuttles that pass through this way in the future. 

21
Another day, another breakdown. Today it was not the ship, but my translator that has malfunctioned. It is a crucial device in this line of work - there is no feasible way to learn the thousands and languages and dialects that span all the star systems one could possibly visit. Language barriers are quite a difficult feat to overcome, even within planets within two lightyears of one another. Two languages might be called the same thing, but be split into different, vastly different dialects if they have been split for too long. 

22
You would think, in the expanse of space, that traffic does not exist. Those who have never left their homes are often under this misconception. I feel compelled to say it isn't true. I am stuck in traffic at this very moment - this laneway is heavily populated at this time of year as a pilgrimige is made across the stars to bear witness to the alignment of the planets in phi-seven-four. Every solar cycle they align but once. By the standards of the universal cycle however, that only happens once every seven cycles. NEWLINE NEWLINE It makes for incredible congestion in and out of the system however, and it is putting me severly behind schedule.

23
A brief stop in port today revealed that our missing ship passed through here. Their ID was logged with docking staff. I'm on the right track. Unfortuately it seems their next destination was not added to their file. 

24
I tried a local delicacy when I landed for a check in today. I had never heard of the fruit until today - nor do I think I can spell it out in this dialect. All I know is I feel incredibly lightheaded, and that I am not in any shape to fly this evening. It was delicious, but I think only the town is immune to its intoxicating effects. Likely due to repeated exposures. 

25
I have good enough reception today to recieve the transmission of my favourite holonovela. Star-crossed Lovers released their season two finale, and I have thus far avoided any spoilers during my travels. It was well worth the wait to watch. 

26
I believe I have started to pace a trench into the vibrasteel flooring of my ship. It is a thought that often crosses my mind. Exercise is easy to do on a larger ship, but in one such as this I have to make do with pacing the length of the hall during my downtime, and do chinups in the doorframe. NEWLINE NEWLINE And I hate chinups. 

27
Upon visiting the home-planet of the missing ship's crew, I picked up no useful information. I did pick up an infestation of bubble beetles. I'll be cleaning wing slick off of the walls for weeks. 

28
I have travelled such a distance from my own home that I can no longer see any constellations I can recognize. Understandable, but always jarring to lose constellations like viridianguis, which is always visible when I return home. 

29
With a tether on the ship, I  investigated a wreck that floated by. The ID does not match the one I was searching for. NEWLINE NEWLINE It may be time to invest in a new suit however. I could feel the pressure outside of the ship more strongly than usual, and the lack of such strong regulation irritated my eyes.  

30
There's a new popular game that has been circulating around the star-net. It is similar to the universal drinking game involving beers and a ping-pong ball, but requires turning off the grav system temporarily. It is much more difficult to try and float the ball into a cup in as few actions as possible. And without knocking over the cup. 

31
Two words: space jam. In this case, the galaxy famous vivi jam. I was able to snag a jar of it, and I regret it already. It's far too good and now I need to stock up on more. More than I can likely fit inside my ship. 

32
I have accumulated enough junk to need to dump it by now. Incineration isn't an option, nor is chucking this out the airlock, so a pitstop is in order to clear the junk out of the ship. 

33
I am temporarily stranded on F-14-X. Not due to any malfunction, or even permits, but due to the festival they have at present. The bird population makes a migration and sheds pink feathers that rain from the sky at this time of year. Thus, no ships are permitted to travel on or off planet until the festival is over. 

34
S.O.L.A.S. - the Solar Observations Log And Survey division - has sent a task through my employer to me to do a radiation reading from the further moon in this system while I am here. NEWLINE NEWLINE It is concerningly high. After my report is sent, I am leaving as soon as possible to continue my original directive. 

35
With a rotation or two of travel between planets, I had some time to clean the ship today. They don't magically clean themselves after all. Dust the vents, wash the sheets, sanitize the airlock. Nothing out of the ordinary. 

36
I'm off my usual schedule. A clock doesn't combat the constant darkness, and unfortunately, it makes keeping a consistent sleep-wake schedule difficult during long missions such as this one. 

37
I'm out of leads. I need to find a connection sometime today and follow up with the boss for more direction on this search op. 

38
Today is just one of those days. The sort where it's hard to pull yourself out of bed and be productive. I have to do my work. But no proper log today. 

39
Long trips like this one during work are a good time to catch up on reading, with so much of it spent following marked starlane paths. 


